Expand precompilation docs (#3104)
JuliaLang/Pkg.jl: docs/src/environments.md

## Project Precompilation

### Auto-precompilation

By default, any package that is added to a project or updated in a Pkg action will be automatically precompiled, along
with its dependencies.

```julia-repl
(@v1.9) pkg> add Images
   Resolving package versions...
    Updating `~/.julia/environments/v1.9/Project.toml`
  [916415d5] + Images v0.25.2
    Updating `~/.julia/environments/v1.9/Manifest.toml`
    ...
Precompiling project...
  Progress [===================>                     ]  45/97
  ✓ NaNMath
  ✓ IntervalSets
  ◐ CoordinateTransformations
  ◑ ArnoldiMethod
  ◑ IntegralArrays
  ◒ RegionTrees
  ◐ ChangesOfVariables
  ◓ PaddedViews
```

The exception is the `develop` command, which neither builds nor precompiles the package. When

> that happens is left up to the user to manually build and precompile the package.

Author: ```suggestion
that happens is left up to the user decide.
```

If a given package version errors during auto-precompilation, Pkg will remember for the following times it

> automatically tries, and will skip that package with a brief warning. Note that manual precompilation will
> always retry all packages i.e. `pkg> precompile`

Author: ```suggestion
automatically tries, and will skip that package with a brief warning. Manual precompilation can be used to force these packages to be retried, as `pkg> precompile` will
always retry all packages.
```

> If a given package version errors during auto-precompilation, Pkg will remember for the next time it

Author: ```suggestion
If a given package version errors during auto-precompilation, Pkg will remember for the next times it
```
